Copyright (c) 2000, 2024, Oracle and/or its affiliates.

This is a release of MySQL Connector/J, a JDBC Type 4 driver for MySQL that also
supports the new X DevAPI.

License information can be found in the LICENSE file. This distribution may
include materials developed by third parties. For license and attribution
notices for these materials, please refer to the LICENSE file.

For more information on MySQL Connector/J, visit
https://dev.mysql.com/doc/connector-j/en/.

For additional downloads and the source of MySQL Connector/J,
visit https://dev.mysql.com/downloads/.

MySQL Connector/J is brought to you by the MySQL team at Oracle.

Notice:
- In order to use the logging capabilities provided by the default
  implementation com.mysql.cj.log.Slf4JLogger, it is required to add one or more
  jars for Simple Logging Facade for Java (SLF4J) to your CLASSPATH.
- To use the X DevAPI features in Connector/J, you also need the external
  library protobuf-java, which you can download manually from the official Maven
  repository and add it to the CLASSPATH, or use Maven's automatic dependency
  resolution features by adding a dependency to "GroupId: com.mysql" and
  "ArtifactId: mysql-connector-j" to your project's pom.xml file.
- To use OCI AIM authentication, you will need to add the external library
  oci-java-sdk-common, which you can download manually from the official Maven
  repository and add it to the CLASSPATH, or use Maven's automatic dependency
  resolution features by adding a dependency to "GroupId: com.oracle.oci.sdk"
  and "ArtifactId: oci-java-sdk-common" to your project's pom.xml file.
- In order to enable OpenTelemtry native instrumentation, it is required to use
  the OpenTelemetry libraries opentelemetry-api and opentelemetry-context, and
  an OpenTelemetry implementation, typically the library opentelemetry-sdk or
  the Java agent opentelemetry-javaagent, which you can download manually from
  the official Maven repository and add it to the CLASSPATH, or use Maven's
  automatic dependency resolution features, by adding a dependency to
  "GroupId: io.opentelemetry" and the corresponding artifacts to your project's
  pom.xml file.
